# Workflows

## Collaborative programming environment

A workflow for a user might involve the following steps:

- Define "pair programming" sections/files, and who is in the pair programming group.
- Open editor. Pair programming sections are updated live on everyone's editors 
  anytime someone in the pair programming group makes a change. Changes outside 
  of those sections are only shown on the individual's editor.
- Changes are snapshotted/commited, and in the process converted to simple diffs. 
- Changes made to non-pair programming sections are accounted as being made by 
  the individual and are susceptible to merge conflicts.
- Changes made to pair programming sections are authored by the group (ie: Commits are
  under the user "group - Elena & Kalina"), and should not have merge conflicts
  (since those are resolved live) unless someone outside of the group made changes
  to a section that was marked as a pair programming section. 

A sample git commit history might look like this:

```
Commits on Oct 15, 2017
---------------------------
Commit message 1
kallen07 committed 3 days ago

Commit message 2
kallen07 and ecokova committed 3 days ago

Commits on Oct 7, 2017
---------------------------
Commit message 3
ecokova committed 11 days ago

Commit message 4
ecokova, kallen07, and isaacwr committed 11 days ago

```

All changes made within a pair programming section are attributed to all members of the group with no distinction over whose keyboard generated them.

## Jupyter with revision control


- What is a Jupyter Notebook and how do you interact with it
- What does it mean for Notebook updates to be database entries and not line-based changes
- What does it mean to apply revision control to a Notebook directory as opposed to a normal source code repo?
